Conner, Nick and Dylan

CTR:
As Sharon stepped outside and Mathias came closer, she could see the grieving glint in his eye. Mathias gazed with the affection of 8397 cute harsh humming birds. He said, in hushed tones, "I love you and I want a fight." Sharon looked back, even more surprised and still fingering the cursed banana. "Mathias, hands up or I'll shoot," she replied. They looked at each other with worried feelings, like two rapid, rare rabbits running at a very understanding dinner party, which had classical music playing in the background and two splendid uncles singing to the beat. Sharon studied Mathias's slimy ankles and skinny hands. Eventually, she took a deep breath. "I'm sorry," began Sharon in apologetic tones, "but I don't feel the same way, and I never will. I just don't love you Mathias."Mathias looked puzzled, his emotions raw like a tricky, teeny-tiny teapot.Sharon could actually hear Mathias's emotions shatter into 4475 pieces. Then the proud monster hurried away into the distance.Not even a glass of port would calm Sharon's nerves tonight.THE E

CBC:
One time my drama class@  teacher had gone home sick so we were just put in a classroom with a movie to entertain us for the period when an alarm went off. None of us were sure if it was the fire alarm or the lockdown alarm, so we all head out into the hall to check and no one@ sout there, so we head back in and climb under our desks as is lockdown procedure. Cut to an hour or so later when a teacher bursts in and nearly dies of relief because the school was on fire and we were the only students not accounted for and half the faculty and fire department had been searching for us for ages. Literally, the whole school had filled with smoke while we@d kept super safe under our wooden desks. During my sophomore year of high school, we were doing silent work and my history teacher said that we could listen to music but if it was too loud he would @break our headphones.@  s I@ mdoing my work quietly with my music on low, and this obnoxious kid sitting next to me had his music really loud. I could hear it over my music but ignored it. My teacher thought it was me. So he comes up to me & ripped my BRAND NEW Apple headphones, looking ruthless. He suddenly realized it was the guy next to me and he was completely embarrassed. He came in the next day with a new pair and an apology note taped to them. He couldn@t look me in the eye for the rest of the year.